network db rewrite (#12534)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-play-kube.1.md

#### **--mac-address**=*MAC address*

Assign a static mac address to the pod. This option can be specified several times when play kube creates more than one pod.
Note: When joining multiple networks you should use the **--network name:mac=\<mac\>** syntax.

#### **--network**=*mode*, **--net**

> Change the network mode of the pod. The host network mode should be configured in the yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the network mode of the pod. The host network mode should be configured in the YAML file.
```

Valid _mode_ values are:

- **bridge[:OPTIONS,...]**: Create a network stack on the default bridge. This is the default for rootfull containers. It is possible to specify these additional options:
  - **alias=name**: Add network-scoped alias for the container.
  - **ip=IPv4**: Specify a static ipv4 address for this container.
  - **ip=IPv6**: Specify a static ipv6 address for this container.
  - **mac=MAC**: Specify a static mac address address for this container.
  - **interface_name**: Specify a name for the created network interface inside the container.

> - **\<network name or ID\>[:OPTIONS,...]**: Connect to a user-defined network, this is just the network name or ID from a network created by **[podman network create](podman-network-create.1.md)**. Using the network name implies the network mode bridge. It is possible to specify same options as described under bridge above. You can use **--network** multiple times to specify additional networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **\<network name or ID\>[:OPTIONS,...]**: Connect to a user-defined network; this is the network name or ID from a network created by **[podman network create](podman-network-create.1.md)**. Using the network name implies the bridge network mode. It is possible to specify the same options described under the bridge mode above. You can use the **--network** option multiple times to specify additional networks.
```
